# Mickey42302's Corrections (Java Edition)
This open-source resource pack provides multiple bug fixes for Minecraft: Java Edition. I created this resource pack to fix bugs that have still not been patched by Mojang, even though some of them were reported years ago. One example is MC-158539, which was reported by me on August 7th, 2019 (Link: https://bugs.mojang.com/browse/MC-158539). This bug causes Tipped Arrows of the "Awkward", "Thick", or "Mundane" type to use generic names (that being "Tipped Arrow"), even though they behave as separate items and are present in the Creative menu in the most recent version of Minecraft: Java Edition.

Through the use of this resource pack, you can patch the bug on your installation of Minecraft: Java Edition, as it changes the translation strings for the items to more appropriate names (such as "Awkward Tipped Arrow", "Thick Tipped Arrow", and "Mundane Tipped Arrow"). Additionally, the Mickey42302's Corrections resource pack patches the bugs that cause the translation strings for multiple death messages to be missing from the code, some of which have been missing for years and still are in the most recent version of Minecraft: Java Edition. One example is the "death.fell.accident.water" translation string, which was reported by another user on July 19th, 2020 (Link: https://bugs.mojang.com/browse/MC-195467).

Another patch that is included with this resource pack is the addition of the missing translation strings for the "/warden_spawn_tracker" command. If your server/client has the vanilla debugging commands for Minecraft: Java Edition enabled, this command can be used to change the amount of warnings a Sculk Shrieker will give before spawning a Warden.

This resource pack patches all of the bugs mentioned before, which helps improve the Minecraft: Java Edition game for players. This repository has been released with fair use in mind; I am not affiliated with Mojang or Microsoft and do not own any of the games I have created content for. **While I work to ensure that my projects are of the best quality, they are provided with absolutely no warranty.**
